  8.3.23  {
  Muuta simulantit siten että ne ottavat configin parametrit KONSTRUKTIO PARAMETREINÄ jotta debugaaminen ja osittais testaaminen on mahdollista
  Selvitä onko sama mahdollista muille olioille kuten simulation:nille
  Tarkista toimiiko simulanttien liike logiikka mitenkään
  Testaa simulationDraw:n Toimintaa simulanttien jälkeen.

}
23.3.23 {
additional logic need for simulation:
	1. Collision between area walls and other objects'
	implementation: when two objects
	2. speed limiter since only acceleration is limited at the moment
	easily implementable into free movement logic
	3. leader target randomization and mouse tracking
	when leader pos = it's target pos rand new target. If mouse is on the area panel, leader reads mouse pos as its new target
	4. EXTRA: make the followers target a larger following line so that the followers can form a nice line with proper parameters
	followers remember x past positions of the leader.
}

30.3.23 {
Things that are still waiting to be finnished for simulants
  1. Working Collision between the simulants
  2. Leaders target as mouse tracking
}

8.4.23 {
Check the userÍnput and the allowed range of the values there, not all make sense, for example changing mass has small effect when compared to speed
}

12.4.23 {
Last stretch going strong, things to implement/finish
  1. FileReader - Has had a decent start. Many things still to be done but road is clear. Biggest things: exceptions, json parsing and writing, how to find a file (GUI)
  2. Simulant - Basically ready. If there is time some tweaking of the movement logic could be uselfull but it would most likely be superficial tinkering. 
  3. userInput - Had a bit of an overhall to be ready for the FileReader testing but should be ready. Still likely that is will be lightly changed. 
  4. SimGUI - Heart of the program, will see some visual updates if there is time. It works quite nice, just some minor things like adjusting a slider lags the whole system.
Just remember to do some automated tests. They are long overdue!!!
} 
